g.NEEDaccess/README.md, before:

# LabStreamingLayer application for g.Tec g.NEEDaccess Client

## Build Instructions

### Requirements

* [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/)
* [Qt5](https://www.qt.io/download-open-source/)
* g.Tec g.NEEDaccess SDK (from manufacturer)
* liblsl
* Build environment
    * Tested with MSVC 2015 Win64

### Configure Project

#### Alongside root LSL project

Pass the additional -DLSLAPPS_gNEEDaccess=ON argument to the cmake command at the root of the labstreaminglayer tree.
(See root LSL instructions for details.)

#### After root LSL is built

1. Open a Command Prompt / Terminal and change into this directory.
1. Make a build subdirectory: `mkdir build && cd build`
1. `cmake .. -G "Visual Studio 14 2015 Win64"` (other [generators](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-generators.7.html#visual-studio-generators))
1. You may need to specify additional cmake options.
    * -DGDS_ROOT=path/to/gneedaccess sdk/c if it is not installed into the default directory.
        * Default is C:\Program Files\gtec\gNEEDaccess Client API\C
    * -DQt5_DIR=path/to/Qt5Config.cmake if not default
        * Default is C:\\Qt\\5.9.1\\msvc2015_64\\lib\\cmake\\Qt5
        
### Build

1. In MSVC, select the Release x64 configuration.
1. Right click on the INSTALL target and click Build.
1. Find the application and all required DLLs in labstreaminglayer/build/lsl_Release/lslinstall/Apps/gNEEDaccess/

## Usage Instructions

### Running the app

1. Run the g.NEEDaccess - Demo Client.
1. Find connected devices...
1. Click on your device, then click on Select.
1. In the new Device Configuration window, configure your channels, then click on OK.
1. Close the Client.
1. Open gNEEDaccess.exe
1. Set the server IP and port, client port, then click Scan.
1. Select your device from the list and check appropriate boxes, then click Connect.
1. Click Go! when ready to start streaming over LSL.
1. When finished, click Stop!, then Disconnect, then close the App.

## Known Issues

* g.USBamp and G.HIamp are not supported because I do not have a device for testing.
* Only a single device is supported per instance. If you want to stream from another device then another instance of g.NEEDaccess must be opened.

Commit message:

g.NEEDaccess more modular support for different devices. g.HIamp and single g.USBamp mostly functional if started with demo client. Multiple g.USBamps only supported with default settings. See README

g.NEEDaccess/README.md, after:

# LabStreamingLayer application for g.Tec g.NEEDaccess Client

## Build Instructions

### Requirements

* [CMake](https://cmake.org/download/)
* [Qt5](https://www.qt.io/download-open-source/)
* g.Tec g.NEEDaccess SDK (from manufacturer)
* liblsl
* Build environment
    * Tested with MSVC 2015 Win64

### Configure Project

#### Alongside root LSL project

Pass the additional -DLSLAPPS_gNEEDaccess=ON argument to the cmake command at the root of the labstreaminglayer tree.
(See root LSL instructions for details.)

#### After root LSL is built

1. Open a Command Prompt / Terminal and change into this directory.
1. Make a build subdirectory: `mkdir build && cd build`
1. `cmake .. -G "Visual Studio 14 2015 Win64"` (other [generators](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-generators.7.html#visual-studio-generators))
1. You may need to specify additional cmake options.
    * `-DGDS_ROOT=path/to/gneedaccess sdk/c` if it is not installed into the default directory.
        * Default is defined in ./cmake/FindgNEEDaccessSDK.cmake
    * `-DQt5_DIR=path/to/Qt5Config.cmake` if not default
        * Default is defined in labstreaminglayer/cmake/LSLSaneDefaults.cmake
        
### Build

1. In MSVC, select the Release x64 configuration.
1. Right click on the INSTALL target and click Build.
1. Find the application and all required DLLs in labstreaminglayer/build/install/lsl_Release/gNEEDaccess/

## Usage Instructions

The usage instructions are a bit complicated right now until the GUI elements for each device are built out.
Until then, we are somewhat relying on the g.NEEDaccessDemo client to configure the device. This has some limitations.
For g.Nautilus, the config is saved to the device (yay!) except for a few parameters (boo!).
For g.HIamp, and a single g.USBamp, the client must remain open and acquiring.
For multiple g.USBamps, the demo client is useful only to check impedances.

### Configure the device (g.Nautilus, g.HIamp only, or single g.USBamp only)

1. Run the g.NEEDaccess - Demo Client.
1. Find connected devices...
1. Click on your device, then click on Select.
1. In the new Device Configuration window, configure your channels, then click on OK.
1. For g.Nautilus, close the client.
1. For g.HIamp or single g.USBamp, start acquisition.

### Running the app

1. Run gNEEDaccess.exe
1. Set the server IP and port, client port, then click Scan.
1. Select your device(s) from the list and check appropriate boxes, then click Connect.
1. For g.Nautilus and multiple g.USBamps (master/slave), click on "Config" and configure your device. Then click OK to save the config.
1. Click Go! when ready to start streaming over LSL.
1. When finished, click Stop!, then Disconnect, then close the App.

## Known Issues

* Requiring the demo client to configure devices is less than ideal. This will go away when all the GUI elements are done.
